hello there I'm Lottie I am in the
ministry of sound discotheque as you can
see and I'll be djing and his lovely
cdjs later alongside we're not cool and
idiot proof and in the other room tom
middleton the amazing wonderful tom
middleton and big fan and moby and
christian smith so
i I'm the Jedi Knight im global
communication I'm cosmos Who am I i'm
tom middleton tonight i'm here at the
ministry of sound it's november the 14th
it's Saturday night and I really excited
excited about playing some tunes the
full movie goes on let's see what's
going to go on I've been test driving
some new tom middleton bangers
Hypnotizer kalahari and a brand new one
with the code name for midi number five
so i got plenty to check out and test
drive i love electronic music everything
i play is got to excite me and the
edgier more exciting dynamic sonically
wonderful sound the better I'm a lot
tougher than I probably was about 10
years ago and musically yeah I just love
it best job in the world
Gasol's administrator we're hosting a
baby busted I told school it's still the
best club in London about there I mean
the lineup tonight is unbelievable
really really good night
ministry to meet always been about
anthems and creating an environment
that's absolutely perfect for listening
to those classic chooses first thing
that really struck me about this club
was one it had this kind of aura about
it the ministry of sound I remember the
propaganda I remember the logo was
projected as the house of parliament and
it was all all around the music press
you have to go and check out this
amazing new club and of course the first
thing was the sound system you're
basically in the middle the dance floor
and you can still have a conversation
and it was really loud and really clear
so the main ministry of sound about
sound it was about dancing it was about
celebrating music as well seeing your
favorite djs
hello there I'm Lottie and you are
watching the ministry of sound TV around
a little
you